Tiger, you're finally here. What's going on?
How did you do this?
Tiger, you don't know
Here it is.
Relying on the number of people to lose weight
That's how he bullied me
And he tortured me.
He also kicked my butt
Is he kicking my butt?
He obviously slapped you in the face
Farting afterglow
You can't handle a woman
And his face squawking in front of me
I've made you lose all face
Go back, go back
These two women are too arrogant
Not only does his mother not take our black tiger seriously
And called you a stinky eel
You are so brave
Dare to scold me, I'm afraid Master Tiger will kill you
To scold you is to flatter
If you are usually a trash like you
You are not qualified to stand in front of me
Haha, what a big breath.
So many years
Except for Red Star, no one dares to challenge me
It seems that you really don't know
The consequences of provoking my tiger master to go mad
You woman really don't know how to live or die, do you?
Don't be here, you dare to talk nonsense
Why don't you kneel down and apologize?
Honshan Tiger
You're just a stone statue selling women
You have to run
The company personally leads people to level the black tiger and escape
What a big breath
Dare to threaten to level my black tiger club
Who gave you the courage?
If I were to destroy the Black Tiger Society
Which pillar are you?